README.md, before:

# Week 1 Assessment

For this assessment, imagine that you are at an interview.  Answer each question as you would for an interviewer.  Similarly, treat the exercises as part of the interview - show the best of what you can do!

### Setup
* Fork and Clone this repository
* Run `update-database`

## Questions (7 points)

### Setup and Workflow (1 point)
* Check out a branch called `questions`
* Answer the two questions below
* Use a Pull Request to merge your branch into **your** main branch

1. How would you rate your comfort level and abilities when working with a SQL database? (3 points)
My comfort level when working with a SQL database is intermediate but I feel like I have a much higher confidence when working in PGAdmin rather than writing SQL in an exercise environment. An example of this was when working on the exercises over break some of the join questions challenged me because I kept relying on the table visual rather than being able to dig into the schema tables to get a better understanding of the structure. 


2. How do you familiarize yourself with a codebase you haven’t worked in before? (3 points)
My approach to familiarize myself with a codebase I haven't worked on is to first read the README file if present. This usually contains context for the project to help get me started. If no readme exists or does not have context for the project I usually start with the main or program file that usually holds the application start-up or main loop. For example, yesterday I was working on an Exercism c# problem. I decided to sudo code and read the README before writing any code. This helped me get the necessary context to solve the problem without missing small details that could be lost from just trying to decipher the test outputs.  

## Exercise (11 points)

### Setup and Workflow (1 point)
* Check out a branch called `error-handling-logging`
* Review the existing code in the 'RecordCollection' project
	* run the project, and play around with all MVC and API endpoints

There are **many** places where this app could use some work in Error Handling **and** Logging.
* Identify at least 5 areas for improvement, and:
	* implement the improvement (1 point each)
* Use a Pull Request to merge your branch into **your** main branch
* In the PR comment, add a note for **each improvement** you made explaining why you decided to make the improvement. (1 point each)

It is up to you to decide what improvements to make, but you need to include at least 2 of each type (Error Handling and Logging).

## Rubric

This assessment has a total of 18 points.  A score of 12 or higher is a pass.

As a reminder, this assessment is for students and instructors to determine if there are any areas that need additional reinforcement!

Commit message:

Updated Answers with more examples / details

README.md, after:

# Week 1 Assessment

For this assessment, imagine that you are at an interview.  Answer each question as you would for an interviewer.  Similarly, treat the exercises as part of the interview - show the best of what you can do!

### Setup
* Fork and Clone this repository
* Run `update-database`

## Questions (7 points)

### Setup and Workflow (1 point)
* Check out a branch called `questions`
* Answer the two questions below
* Use a Pull Request to merge your branch into **your** main branch

1. How would you rate your comfort level and abilities when working with a SQL database? (3 points)
My comfort level when working with a SQL database is intermediate but I feel like I have a much higher confidence when working in PGAdmin rather than writing SQL in an exercise environment. An example of this was when working on the exercises over break some of the join questions challenged me because I kept relying on the table visual rather than being able to dig into the schema tables to get a better understanding of the structure. In PGAdmin to me feels more interactive and helps me get a better contextual understanding when building my queries. 

2. How do you familiarize yourself with a codebase you haven’t worked in before? (3 points)
My approach to familiarize myself with a codebase I haven't worked on is to first read the README file if present. This usually contains context for the project to help get me started. If no readme exists or does not have context for the project I will run the program and see what the application does in its current state. I also find reaching out to the project owner for any clarifying questions to be helpful. For example, the other day I was working on an Exercism c# problem. I decided to sudo code and read the README before writing any code. This helped me get the necessary context to solve the problem without missing small details that could be lost from just trying to decipher the test outputs.  Another example would be yesterday I was working with Rafi on his already modified version of MvcMovie. I had to ask some clarifying questions about how much he set up from the previous lesson to help get me up to speed so I could do my best with an unfamiliar codebase. 

## Exercise (11 points)

### Setup and Workflow (1 point)
* Check out a branch called `error-handling-logging`
* Review the existing code in the 'RecordCollection' project
	* run the project, and play around with all MVC and API endpoints

There are **many** places where this app could use some work in Error Handling **and** Logging.
* Identify at least 5 areas for improvement, and:
	* implement the improvement (1 point each)
* Use a Pull Request to merge your branch into **your** main branch
* In the PR comment, add a note for **each improvement** you made explaining why you decided to make the improvement. (1 point each)

It is up to you to decide what improvements to make, but you need to include at least 2 of each type (Error Handling and Logging).

## Rubric

This assessment has a total of 18 points.  A score of 12 or higher is a pass.

As a reminder, this assessment is for students and instructors to determine if there are any areas that need additional reinforcement!
